what's up everyone welcome to another
episode of today on the spot it's
Tuesday June eighth I'm Brian ekberg and
this is not a game spot editor this is
corey ledesma from THQ he's one of our
special guests that we have here because
we have a great show for you guys today
now III is coming up it's right around
the corner we've got one more show after
this on Thursday talking about all our
e3 plan but today it's all about the THQ
and WWE games korlah Dez nuts here we're
going to talk a little bit about
Smackdown and later on we're gonna have
an exclusive first look at WWE all-stars
now we're gonna have some other stuff
for you as well but it's going to be a
great show so let's get right to it talk
to Corey ledesma Corey welcome to show
your familiar face here I am thank you
thank you for having me it's nice to
have you here down I gotta be I got to
be honest you guys just showing
smackdown earlier than maybe you've ever
shown it before yeah we haven't had a
III playable on the floor and I don't
know how many years so it's been a long
time so we're really excited about that
all at THQ and we can't wait to debut to
add your fries and people and get get a
hands-on check it out and you know see
it so early so tell me about what you're
going to be showing at e3 so we have
improvisational mayhem going on okay and
that's with our TLC match we have a TLC
match demo at e3 for those who don't
know what is TLC stamp Tables Ladders
and Chairs oh my 30px that good so TLC
match demo at e3 playable on the floor
and it's really you have our dynamic
physics system working in there this
year that's a brand new thing that we're
introducing so all the objects in the
match will be working with physics and
so everything will look different every
single time you play it's on the tables
will break different ways you won't see
the same scripted moves break through
the tables every single time we really
want to recreate those crazy TLC matches
you see ando w program so we're able to
do that with smacked immersive Rob this
year 2011 the TLC match is going to be
completely blown out and now it's gonna
be a lot of fun we think fans gonna be
able to you know create some crazy
moments of their own on
okay all right well let's talk about
exactly how this is going to work
because what what does dynamic physics
do for the objects that it didn't do in
years past yeah what's going to happen
is that each you know each object itself
is going to be moving with this physics
system so every single time you interact
with it it's going to be dynamic it's
not going to be a scripted events when I
pick up a ladder and I throw it at
someone is going to throw like a normal
platter with the throne and it's going
to hit your opponent it's going to go
flying down and also when you break a
table sometimes it doesn't always break
right in the middle right sometimes it
breaks off to the side sometimes doesn't
you break maybe the legs get swept up
from under it and it collapses we really
want to bring out all those moments so
that's what some of the things you can
go to see you build a pro people two
ladders and ladders will actually bend
and break and you'd be able to stack
ladders and tables on touhy area of the
the ring so if you want to stack it
against the barricade the ring ropes the
corner you want to stack a ladder
against another ladder standing up be
able do all that crazy stuff in this
match and and the superstars will sort
of react to what's happening however you
have things adjusted you showed me
earlier that you'll be able to stack a
ladder on a ladder and a guy will be
able to run up it yeah you'll go to run
right up that ladder you be able to dive
off do diamond attacks we really want
you to set up these crazy moments so
we're going to have you stack tables you
do stack just a pool tables you can run
up that ladder and crash right through
it you'll be able to you know set up
tables anywhere throughout the ring
whether it's in the middle or outside
you do diving attacks running up the
stair the ladder and outside the ring
through a table crazy stuff so we want
you know no limitations no handcuffs and
once you do it all in the match what
about controls from a stamp on it you're
going to have to have maybe similar fine
control in terms of where you play stuff
how's that going to work yep we really
want to make it easy to be able to pull
these moves off a lot of times you think
of these crazy matches it requires a lot
of setup and we want to make it easy so
some of the cool things we're doing is
will allow you to move your move in
midair so you can adjust to where the
table is and you can move your opponent
towards that table to break through the
table pick them up over here suplex you
lift them up and you can churn and
target that table and then drop them
down on that table to make it as easy as
possible to throw them through the table
and I have fun with that you don't want
you to be able to you know soon they're
trying 15 times
the table in your failings time that's
not a fun experience so we made sure
that it's very easy to put through the
tables and a new control is really going
to be able to make that happen when
something breaks apart like a ladder or
a table the pizzas stay in the ring the
piece is gonna stay in there for a
little while we want you to be able to
have a lot of tables a lot of ladder so
you know eventually we're gonna have
them fade out but we like the effective
time the pieces in there see you check
out all your carnage out there you know
five broken tables and all that we want
you to be able to see that but yeah in
order for you to be able to bring out 20
tables whatever it is won't have to
eventually fade some out right for
performance otherwise you can have
stacks of wood all over the place and
well let me ask you then about the
chairs we've talked about tables and
ladders but chairs you have some
specific with new moves for the chairs
right that's right yeah cheers we've
also spent some time with that they're
also how the physics working on them as
well but we allow you to throw the
chairs as well now so you can go ahead
and pick up a chair throw right at your
opponents do a lot of new cool moves
about it I'm everyone's gonna be able to
check out at e3 and it sounds like this
physics system will apply itself in
other types of matches right that's
where I keep saying TLC because that's
the match was showing up but really the
dynamic physics is working through any
weapon whether it's a sledgehammer the
steel steps any object that you have in
the ring it's gonna be using these
physics and you do a lot of different
things with them very nice and of course
we have the match type but we should
also talk about the guys the wrestlers
that are in this in this demo who would
be playing at it yeah we're gonna pre
bring out four guys for this demo we
have the Undertaker the miz Randy along
at Chris Jericho we've got nice and
swollen therefore guys and of course you
know anyone thats span a fan of smacked
immersive Allah knows that we have a
huge roster every year but this is the
four little snippet we're gonna give you
a little taste of to check out some of
our new character models and something
to do entrances
things like that speaking of character
models one thing you mentioned me a
little detail new muscle types is a hat
how do guess it's a muscle flex
technology working we're basically
you're going to see the muscle of flex
and tone out and basically you don't
want these guys looking like action
figures moving mom you know before we
just have to model them and see them
fully defined flawless models or so we
want you to be able to see those muscles
flexing when you do moves when the guys
taught and they go up there and be able
to see the biceps increase the ABS tense
up and that's all working with our
texture maps there and so you know it
brings a whole new wheels into the
characters it brings into life is
something I'm just looking like kind of
plastic action figures out there so
we're really excited to introduce at
smackers boss doesn't mother verdes with
some of the best character models in the
business so we'll see you at e3 I will
be there yep and we have some special
guests as well that's right along with
us well we don't want to miss that right
now it's time for this week on the Wii
Shop Channel